I asked: how does one afford to read articles (in journals) as part of 
research?

@Giuliosg : Uni libraries give you access to most of the articles.
Otherwise [redacted].

Me: Oh .. i am getting certain vibes about [redacted].
Anyway, here is an abstract, in case anyone's interested.

I quote,

"In this paper, we reflect on current notions of engineering practice by 
examining some of the motives for engineered solutions to the problem 
of climate change. We draw on fields such as science and technology 
studies, the philosophy of technology, and environmental ethics to 
highlight how dominant notions of apoliticism and ahistoricity are 
ingrained in contemporary engineering practice. We argue that a solely 
technological response to climate change does not question the social, 
political, and cultural tenet of infinite material growth, one of the 
root causes of climate change. In response to the contemporary 
engineering practice, we define an activist engineer as someone who not 
only can provide specific engineered solutions, but who also steps back 
from their work and tackles the question, What is the real problem and 
does this problem “require” an engineering intervention? Solving 
complex problems like climate change requires radical cultural change, 
and a significant obstacle is educating engineers about how to conceive 
of and create “authentic alternatives,” that is, solutions that differ 
from the paradigm of “technologically improving” our way out of 
problems. As a means to realize radically new solutions, we investigate 
how engineers might (re)deploy the concept of praxis, which raises 
awareness in engineers of the inherent politics of technological 
design. Praxis empowers engineers with a more comprehensive 
understanding of problems, and thus transforms technologies, 
when appropriate, into more socially just and ecologically sensitive 
interventions. Most importantly, praxis also raises a radical 
alternative rarely considered—not “engineering a solution.” Activist 
engineering offers a contrasting method to contemporary engineering 
practice and leads toward social justice and ecological protection 
through problem solving by asking not, How will we technologize our way 
out of the problems we face? but instead, What really needs to be 
done?"

Source: https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11948-014-9525-0

About University libraries - I wanna see if I can get myself a 
quasi-graduate-level education without paying Uni fees. That is to say, 
doing studies outside of an institution.

Thanks for your response, though.

@jackietanyen : If you email the first or last author in the list, 
he'll usually send it. Otherwise, google [redacted]. 

You may or may not find what you're looking for, which may or may not 
lead to going behind a wall of pay. 

Also, graduate-level education lies not in reading the papers alone but 
synthesizing new knowldge from existing one.

@Giuliosg : Not sure about chrome, but on Firefox there's a plug-in 
called unpaywall that helps you looking for free (e.g. preprint) copies 
of an article.
